Hello, everybody. [cheering] save it for the end. [cheering] i'm al franken. [cheering] from minnesota. [cheering] senator and world-renowned expert on right-wing megalomaniacs. [cheering] rush limbaugh, bill o'reilly, and now donald trump. A little about my qualifications, i got my doctorate in megalomania studies from trump university. [laughter] sure, i had to empty out my 401(k) and take a reverse mortgage on my house to pay tuition, but mr. Trump, or rather some people who say they once met him, convinced me that it was worth it. And frankly, as a proud alum of trump university, i think we may be underestimating donald trump. Sure he scanned the loss of people, what did you know that trump university school of grouping people off his right nation -- second in the nation? Right behind bernie madoff university. [laughter] that is no mean the. -- feat. Trump university is about more than just milking people. Although trust me, you will get milked. It is also about learning directly from success experts. Like scottdale -- scott bai, mike tyson, and of course a lifetime -- life-size cardboard cutout of mr. Trump himself. Of course, dumb come would not be donald trump without his is the school. -- business school. Their breakups the program -- bankrupt the program is known throughout the real estate community for its creativity. The most popular course, bankruptcy 101, how to leave your partners holding the bag. It is taught by the cardboard cutout himself. The pride of trump university, of course, is his library. Located on a shelf and a closet on the third floor of trump tower. All of donald trump's best sellers are available for sale at a special rate, for students which is 10% higher than the retail price. Clearly, donald trump's enormous, dare i say huuuge success as a businessman qualifies him to be president and if you believe that, i have some delicious trump steaks to sell you. [cheering] in all seriousness, i think rather than voting for someone who has never done anything for anyone other than himself, maybe we should go with a candidate who spent her entire life working to get important things done to the american people. [cheering] i've known hillary for almost a quarter-century. I've never met anyone smarter, tougher or more ready to lead us forward. [cheering] i am proud to call hillary clinton my friend and i can't wait to call her madam president. [cheering] now, we are going to have a lot of fun this week. We will have a lot of fun. When we wake up monday morning, there will be just 102 days left until the election and what you, all of you, what you do in those 102 days to determine who wins. And i mean that literally. I won my first race for senate by 312 votes. Where is my minnesota delegation? [cheering] there are people up there who contacted more than 312 people themselves and literally i would not be here. The reason i'm giving the speech here and not into my bathroom mirror. [cheering] my friends, my friend paul wellstone -- [cheering] my friend used to say that the future belongs to those who are passionate and work hard. This week is about passion, but starting friday morning, it is all about work, hard work. [cheering] many of you have jobs, many of you have family. Ignore them. [cheering] let me tell you some become a kids love it when their parents are not home. Let me tell you something else, an eight-year-old kid knows how to use a microwave oven. And let me tell you something else, an eight-year-old kid can teach a four-year-old kid to use a microwave onion. -- robin. It is scientific fact. Don't worry about your kids, they will be fine. You have work to do. Get on those funds, -- bones, talk on the doors. Tell them al franken century. -- sent you. Thank you.
