Hello philadelphia! Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. [crowd chanting] sen. Booker: thank you. Think you. Thank you very much. 240 years ago, our forefathers gathered in this very city and they declared to be for the world that we would be a free and independent nation. Today we gather here again in the city, in this city of brewer -- brotherly love to reaffirm our values before the nation and the whole world. My purpose is not like there's to start a great nation, but to ensure that we continue in the best of our tradition. And, with humble homage to generations and patriots before. We put forth to great americans. Our nominee for president and vice president, hillary clinton and tim kaine. [cheers and applause] sen. Booker: now, look at that core history. Looking back to our founding fathers. Put forth founding documents that were indeed genius. But the founding documents were not genius because they were perfect. They were saddled with the imperfections and even the bigotry of the past. Native americans were referred to as savages. Black americans were fractions of human beings. And, women were not mentioned at all. But those ugly parts of our histories do not distract from our nation's greatness. And fact, i believe we are in even greater nation not because we started perfect but the cousin every generation has successfully labored to make us a more perfect union. [cheers and applause] senator booker: generations of her rogue americans have made our nations more inclusive. More expansive. And, more just. Our nation was not founded because we all look alike or prayed alike or descended from the same family tree. What our founders, in their genius, and this, the oldest constitutional democracy on the planet earth, they put forth the idea that all are created equal. That we have in alienable rights . And i am so proud that it was upon this foundation that we build a great nation and today, no matter who you are, rich or poor, asian or white, man or woman, gay or straight, any religion or none at all, you are entitled to the civil rights and responsibilities of citizenship. In this city, our founders put forth a declaration of independence but let me tell you, and that also made it -- a historic independence. They knew that if this country was to survive and thrive, we had to make an unusual and extraordinary commitment to each other. Look, i respect and value the ideals of individuals and self-reliance. But rugged individualism did not the feet deep british. It did not get us to the moon. It did not build our nation's highways. Rugged individualism did not map the human genome. We did that together. [cheers and applause] sen. Booker: said this is the high call of patriotism. Patriotism is love of country but you cannot love your country without loving your countrymen enter countrywomen. [cheers and applause] sen. Booker: we do not always have to agree but we must be there for each other. We must empower each other. We must find common ground and we must build bridges across our differences to pursue the common that. Let me tell you, we cannot devolve into a nation where our highest aspiration is that we tolerate each other. We are not called to be a nation of tolerance. We're called to be a nation of love. [cheers and applause] sen. Booker: that is why the last line of the declaration of independence says it so clearly. It says to make this nation work we must mutually latched together our lives, our fortunes. Tolerance is the runway. Tolerance says, i am going to stomach your right to be different. If you'd disappear from the face of the earth i am no better or worse. But love, love knows that every american has worth and value so no matter what your background, and a matter what their race or religion or sexual orientation, love, love recognizes we need to each other. That to we as a nation are better together. Divided we are weak. When we are united we are strong, when we are indivisible, we are invincible. This -- this -- this is the understanding of love. That is embodied in one of my favorite sayings. It is an african saying and it says, if you want to go fast go alone. If you want to go far, go together. [cheers and applause] sen. Booker: this is the reason i'm so motivated in this election because i believe this ecs best and bodies the leadership we need to go far together. Donald trump is not that leader. We have watched him. Try to get laughs at other peoples expense. Try to incite fear at a time we need to inspire courage. Try to rise in the polls by dragging our national conversation into the gutter. We have watched him mock, cruelly mock, a journalist ross disabilities. We have watched him do mean the service of my colleagues saying he is not a war hero. He was a war here because he was captured. John said, i do not like people to get captured. When you say that to pows from world war ii, when you say that to pows from vietnam, would he say that to the brave men and women in iraq and afghanistan right now risking capture or worse question mark that is not the commander-in-chief. We have watched donald trump paint with a broad brush saying that mexican immigrants who came to build a better life in america are in his words, bringing crime, bringing drugs. He called many of them rapists. He says that an indian-born federal judge cannot be trusted to do his job because of his mexican ancestry. A statement that his fellow republicans have to -- we have watched donald trump, i were children, our grandkids have watched donald trump and heard him calling women degrading and demeaning names. Dogs. Fed pigs. Disgusting animals. It is a twisted hypocrisy when he treats other women in a manner he would never, ever accept from another man speaking about his daughter or his wife. [cheers and applause] sen. Booker: in this great nation where our nation founders put a fundamental core of religious freedom, he says ban all muslims. Do not let certain people into america because of how they prayed. I take an interest in the fact trumps says he would run our country like he runs his businesses. Well, i am from jersey. [cheers and applause] cory booker: and i am from the great garden say and we see -- great garden state and we see how he leads in atlantic city. He got rich while his company declared multiple bankruptcy, yet without remorse, even as people got hurt and lost jobs through his failure he bragged and i quote, the money i took out of there was incredible. Yes, he took out a lot of cash. That he stiffed contractors, many of them small businesses. Refusing to pay them for the work they had done. We in america have seen enough of a handful of people getting rich at the cost of a nation descending into crisis. America at our best, we stand up to bullies. And we fight those who seek to demean and degrade other americans. And times of crisis, we do not abandon our values. We double down on them. [cheers and applause] sen. Booker: even in the midst of the crisis of the civil war, lincoln took office and called out to all of our country saying, with malice towards non-and charity towards all. This is our history. This is a history was taught right parents. My parents never wanted my brother and i to get to heady from the gravity said they never stopped showing us that we got our freedom by ordinary americans who showed extraordinary kindness, decency, and love. People who sweat and bled for our rights. Paid the ultimate price for the freedoms we enjoy. I was told we cannot pay those americans back for their colossal acts of courage but we have an obligation to pay it forward to others through our service and our sacrifice. I support hillary clinton because she's -- these are her values and she has been paying it forward her entire life. Long before she got in politics, she was in massachusetts going door-to-door collecting the stories of children's with disabilities. In south carolina, she fought to reform the justice system so that children would not be brought into adult prisons. And alabama, she has exposed the remnants of segregation. And arkansas, she started and eight -- and the -- a legal aid clinic to make sure people can get their day in court. She delivers. That is why we trust her to fight in to deliver for us as president. Let me tell you, we have a presidential nominee in clinton who knows that and a time of stunningly wide disparity of the wealth in our nation, and america's greatness must not be measured by how many millionaires and billionaires we have that how few people we have living in poverty. Hillary knows that when workers make a fair wage it does not just help their family at bills a more stronger and herbal economy that expands opportunity and makes all americans wealthier. She knows in a global knowledge-based economy, the country that out-educates the world will out-our new world, out-innovate the world, and will lead the world. She knows the debt-free college is not a gift, it is not charity, it is in investment that represents the best of our values. The best of our interests. And the best of our parties. Our shared ideals and values together. Hillary clinton knows that when we have paid family leave, this is something that must happen because when a parent does not have to choose between being there for a sick child and paying rent, when a single mom earns an equal wage for equal work, it empowers the most important building block in all of our nation and that is the family. Hillary clinton knows that security does not come from scapegoating other people because of their religion. Alienating our allies. Stoking fear. Pointing fingers. It comes when we band together to face down and defeat our common enemies and she knows something i fight for every day, that our terminal justice system desperately needs reform. We need to bring back fairness to a system that is filled, as professor brian stevenson said, you do better if you're rich and guilty the import and innocent. She knows we can be a nation that believes police officers user more respect, more support, more cooperation and love and believes that a black, 20-something protester deserves to be valued, deserves to be heard, they should be listened to with more courageous empathy and that change is needed in the system. And hillary clinton knows what donald trump betrays time and again and his campaign, that we are not a zero-some nation. It is not you or me. It is not one american against another american. It is you and i together. Interdependent, interconnected, with one single interwoven destiny. When we respect each other, stand up for each other, work together against all challenges, against our neighbors challenges, be it a neighbor with a beautiful special needs child or one struggling with the ugly disease of addiction, when we as americans help them, when we show compassion and grace, when we evidence our truth that we are the united states of america, one nation under god indivisible, that is when we are stronger. That is when we build from an already great america to and even greater america. "cheers and applause -- [cheers and applause]] >> one trumps spews insulting words about americans, i think about a poem by via on jaleel. You know it. -- maya angelou you may tried me in the dust, but still, like dust, i rise. You all know it. You all know it. This captures our american history. 240 years ago and english king said he would crush our rebellion but americans from around the nation joined the fight from bunker hill to the battle of trenton. So many fell. Giving their lives in support of our declaration that america will rise. This is our history. This is our history. Knowing that liberty is not secure for some until it is secure for all. Sometimes hundreds, often hunted, they looked up to the north star and said with a determined whisper, amerco we will rise. -- of america, we will rise. Immigrants risking their lives in times of child labor. They organized child labor and demoted themselves to lifting the poor in huddled masses. With voices of great, they shouted with voices all could hear -- america, we will rise. Kennedy pointed to the move. From seneca falls to those who stood at stonewall in, giants before us said, in accordance and conviction, amerco we will rise. My fellow americans, my fellow americans, we will not fall into the complacency or indifference about this election because still, the only thing necessary for evil to be triumphant is for good people to do nothing. You know what i'm saying. My fellow americans, we cannot the seduced about our politics with citizen is him. That is a recipe for cowardice and this must always be the home of the brave. We are the united states of america. We will not falter or fall or retreat or surrender our values. We will not surrender our ideals. We will not surrender the moral high ground. Here in philadelphia, let us declare again we will be a free people. Free from fear and intimidation. Let us declare we are a nation of interdependence and that america loves -- and that in america love always trumps hate. Let us declare so that generations yet unborn can hear us. We are the united states of america. Our best days are ahead of us. And together, with hillary clinton is our president, america, we will rise! God bless america. Let's rise together.
