Thank you. I am here today to tell you a story of hope, a story of why we are stronger together. It is a story of a young boy with physical and learning disabilities. Reading and writing, almost impossible. A child thought to be mentally retarded as late as the fourth grade. A boy who could not tie his shoe or button his shirt until the fifth grade. Someone who knew the hard words of belize in the playground -- bullies in the playground and discrimination. But the boy had great teachers and a mother who believed in giving him the opportunity for success. He had a support system who believed we are stronger together when we left up to those who fall behind. -- lift up those who fall behind. And that boy was lifted up. He went on to be successful in college and law school, earning the right to be the first learning impaired person to take the bar exam in three different states. Today, that boy has grown up and is standing before you as the governor of the state of connecticut. Proud to be addressing the democratic national convention. This is my story, a story of why we are stronger together. It is an american story. Our communities are bound by the shared understanding that we are stronger together, that we need to lift up our brothers and sisters and ignore the shouts and taunts of bullies amongst us. That is why i am proud to support hillary clinton for president of the united states. Like hillary clinton, and tim kaine, i believe we must instill hope in every american. It does not matter their race or gender or who they love or where their parents were born or their religion or what they are learning abilities -- their learning abilities are -- every child, every american deserves to have an opportunity to be successful in this life. That is what we stand for as democratic governors. We stand for solving problems in bringing hope to more americans. Hope for better schools and fairer wages and more time to spend with the families they love. We are proud to count amongst our alumni former governor bill clinton and we are proud to count amongst our alumni former governor tim kaine. Tim kaine, as governor of virginia, let his state through the worst economic crisis since the great depression while creating jobs in the process. I'm here to tell you that the middle class in america is getting stronger thanks to the work of democratic governors. Washington, d.c., republicans will block any innovative idea that has a scarlet letter d for democrat next to it. Every day, we work to create jobs and improve access to quality education. That is exactly what we have done in connecticut. We have added over 100,000 jobs while raising the minimum wage. We passed criminal justice reform that gives nonviolent offenders a second chance. We have lowered our prison population by thousands and thousands of individuals while we cut our crime rate to the lowest it has been in 48 years. After the sandy hook school tragedy, we passed commonsense gun safety laws, including universal background checks in our state of connecticut. We have moved toward equal pay by making compensation more transparent and we were the first state in the nation, five years ago, to ask paid sick leave. Not only are our workers protecting their health, but they are protecting -- protecting the health of the people they serve. The businesses they work for approved of paid sick leave today. Democratic governors across this country are leading the way. In new york in delaware, we have raised the minimum wage. In rhode island and montana, we have taken action for equal pay. In oregon and california, we have asked paid sick leave. We have discussed medicaid expansion. We made historic advancement in education, including right here and albania -- in syl pennsylvania. Meanwhile, donald trump, who has insulted anyone who does not agree with them or does not look like him, women, mexican-americans, veterans, muslim americans, the lgbtq community, and people with disabilities -- you name them and donald trump has bullied them. I know why we must stand up to them. If donald trump's words are bad, his actions are worse. Look at his vice presidential choice, governor mike pence. With the trump-pence tickets, it is like a contest to see who can discriminate more. Mike pence rejected federal money that would have funded pre-k for 4000 low income children. He signed a law that would have forced women to hold funerals for fetuses, even in some cases, after miscarriages. He signed a law that would dennis -- discriminate against people based on who they love. That cost indiana's economy an estimated $60 billion -- $60 million in lost money. Governor pence turned his back on rescuing children and their parents -- refugee children and their parents. The first family of refugees rejected by him are now welcomed residents in the state of connecticut. The ticket brings the worst of the republican gubernatorial record to the national stage and it shows why we need to fight at the local level. Governors work where the rubber meets the road. Democratic governors are critical to winning this battle at the state level. That is why the organa -- we are the only organization focused on electing democratic governors. We are fighting for these policies today and we are fighting for the future by focusing on winning back governors seat. You all know this. You know the republicans rigged the map in 2010. That is why we need strong democratic governors to fight for fair maps and the policies we all believe in and that should be coming out of the congress of the united states. Together, we can and will help lift up every american so they can live the american dream. We as democrats believe we are stronger together. God bless you and thank you very much.
