Thank you. Thank you massachusetts for the great honor of serving as your senator. Thank you. [cheering] what a night. Wow. Michelle obama, cory booker. [cheering] and we still have burning coming up. -- bernie coming up. [cheering] bernie reminds us what democrats fight for every day. Thank you, bernie. [cheering] we are here tonight because america faces a choice. The choice of a new president. On one side, a man who inherited a fortune from his father and kept it going by teaching people, why skipping out on that. A man who has never sacrificed anything for anyone. A man who cares only for himself , every minute of every day. On the other side, it's one of those smartest, toughest, most tenacious people on this planet, a woman who buy for children, women, health care, human rights. A woman who fights for all of us it is strong enough to win this fight. [cheering] we are here today because our choice is hillary clinton. I'm with hillary. [cheering] i'm with hillary. [cheering] for me, this choice is personal. It is about who we are as a people, what kind of a country we want to be. I grew up in oklahoma. My daddy ended up as a maintenance man. My mom worked a minimum wage job. My three brothers served in the military. The oldest was a career, 288, missions. The second, construction. The third started his own small business. I got married at 19, graduated from a commuter college in texas that cost $50 a semester. [cheering] the way i see it, i'm a janitor's daughter became a public school teacher, a professor in the united states senator. America is truly a country of opportunity. [cheering] i'm deeply grateful to that america. I believe in that america. But i'm worried. I'm worried that my story is locked in the past. Worried that opportunity is slipping away for people who work hard and play by the rules. Look around. Americans that their tail, some working two or three jobs. Wages stay flat. Meanwhile, the basic cost of making a month-to-month keeps going up. Housing, health care, child care. The cost are out of sight. Young people are getting crushed by student loans. Working people are in debt. Seniors can't stretch a social security check to cover the basics and even families who are ok today worry that it could all fall apart tomorrow. This is not right. [cheering] it is not. Here's the thing, america is not going broke. The stock market is breaking records. Corporate profits are at all-time highs. Ceos make tens of millions of dollars. There is light lot of wealth in america but it is not trickling down to hard-working families like yours. [cheering] does anyone here have a problem with that? [cheering] i do too! People get it. The system is rigged. [cheering] it is true. So-called experts claim america is in trouble because both political parties in washington refused to compromise. Gridlock. That is just wrong. [cheering] washington works great for those at the top. When jack companies want more tax loopholes, washington got it done. When huge energy companies wanted to tear up our department, washington got it done. When an enormous wall street breaks wanted loopholes, washington got it done. No gridlock there. But try to do something, anything for working people, you will have a fight on your hands. Democrats have taken on those bites. That is what we do. [cheering] democrats fought to get health insurance for more americans. The regrets but for a strong consumer agency so big banks can't keep -- cheat people. We improve the lives of millions of people. Thank you, barack obama. [cheering] yes, we won but republicans and lobbyists battled us every step of the way. Five years later, that consumer agency has returned $11 billion to families who were treated -- cheated and republicans, they are still trying to kill it. I'm not someone who thinks that republicans are always wrong and democrats are always right. There is enough blame to go around. But there is a huge difference between people fighting for a level playing field and the people fighting to keep the system rigged. [cheering] look at congress. Since the republicans took over. Democrats propose refinancing student loans. And republicans said no. Democrats proposed ending tax breaks for corporations that ship jobs overseas. Republicans said no. Democrats opposed raising the minimum wage and republicans, they said no. To every republican in congress who said no, this november, the american people are coming for you. [cheering] that is right. [cheering] where was donald trump and all of these bites -- fights? Not once did he lived a finger to help working people. And why would he? His whole life has been about taking advantage of that rigged system. Time after time, he prayed on working people people in debt. It that followed on hard times. He the fraud at them and he has ripped them off. Look at his history. Donald trump said he was excited for the 2008 housing crash that devastated millions of americans because he thought it would help him get more real estate on the cheap. Donald trump set up a fake university to make money by teaching people and taking their life savings. Donald trump goes on and on and on. About being a successful businessman, by filing this is bankruptcy six times, always to protect his own money and stick the investors and contractors with the bills. >> boo! >> donald trump hired construction workers and painters to do hard labor for his businesses and that he told them, you get only a fraction of what he owes and fights the lawyers and courts for years. >> boo! >> what kind of a man acts like that? What kind of a man roots for an economic crash that cost millions of people their jobs, their homes, their life savings? What kind of a man cheats students and investors and workers? I will tell you what kind of a man. A man who must never be president of the united states. [cheering] never. [cheering] and we've got the leaders to make it happen. Hillary clinton and tim kaine. [cheering] donald trump knows that the american people are angry. A fact so obvious he can see it from the top of the trump tower. So now, he is insisting that he, and he alone can fix the rigged system. Last week, donald trump spoke for more than an hour on the biggest stage he has ever had, but other than talking about building a stupid wall, which will never get built -- [laughter] other than that wall, did you hear anything, any actual ideas? >> no! >> did you hear even one solid proposal from trump to increase income or improving your kids education? Or creating even one single good paying job? >> no! >> let's face it, donald trump has no real plans for college kids or for seniors. No plans to make anything great for anyone. Except rich guys like donald trump. Just look at his ideas. Donald trump was to get rid of the federal minimum wage. Donald trump wants to roll back financial regulations and turned wall street loose to wreck our economy again. It donald trump has a tax plan that gives multimillionaires and billionaires like himself an average tax cut of $1.3 million a year. >> boo! >> if you are struggling to put your kid third college and donald trump thinks he needs a million-dollar tax break, don't touch entire campaign is just one more late-night trump infomercial. Hand over your money, your job, your children's future and that trump audio machine will reveal all the answers [cheering] . [cheering] and for one low price, he will even throw in a juicy had -- goofy hat. [laughter] here is the really ugly underside to his pitch, trump thinks he can win votes by fanning the flames of fear and hatred. By turning neighbor against neighbor. By persuading you that the real problem in america is your fellow americans. People who don't look or talk like you or don't worship like you. He even pick the vice president famous for trying to make it legal to openly discriminate against gays and lesbians. >> boo! >> that it donald trump to america. And america here and hate. An america where we break apart. White against blacks and latinos. Christians against muslims and jews. Straight against day. Everyone against immigrants. Race, religion, heritage, gender, the more factions the better. But ask yourself this, when white lakers -- what workers in ohio are pitted against black workers in north carolina or latino workers in florida, who really benefits? Divide and conquer is an old story in america. Dr. Martin luther king knew it. After his march from selma to montgomery, he spoke about how segregation was created to keep people divided. Instead of higher wages for workers, dr. King described how poor white in the south were fed jim crow which told of poor white worker that no matter how bad off you are, at least he was a white man better than the black man. Racial hatred was part of keeping the powerful on top. [cheering] when we turn on each other, anchors can run our economy from wall street. Oil companies can fight off linn energy. Giant corporations can ship the last good jobs overseas. When we turn on each other, rich guys like trump can push through more tax breaks for themselves and then we will never have enough money to support our schools, or rebuild our highways or reinvest in the kids futures. When we turn on each other, we can't unite to fight back against a rigged system. [cheering] i've got news for donald trump, the american people are not falling for it. [cheering] we have seen this ugliness before and we are not going to be donald trump's hate filled america, not now, not ever. [cheering] this is about our values. About our shared values with our candidate hillary clinton and tim kaine. [cheering] let's talk about those values. We believe that no matter who you are, no matter where you are from, no matter who you love, equal means equal. Hillary will fight to make sure discrimination has no place in america and we are with her. [cheering] we believe that no one who works full-time should live in poverty. Hillary will fight for raising the minimum wage, or scheduling, paid family and medical leave and we are with her. [cheering] we believe every kid in america should have a chance for a great education without getting crushed by debt. Hillary will fight for refinancing student loans and debt free college. We are with her. [cheering] and we believe that after a lifetime of hard work, seniors should be able to retire with dignity. Hillary will fight to expand social security, medicare, and protect our retirement account and we are with her. [cheering] we believe that oil companies should not call the shots in washington. That science matters, that climate change is real. [cheering] hillary will fight to preserve this earth for our children and grandchildren and we are with her. [cheering] we believe, and i can't believe i have to say this in 2016, in equal pay for equal work and a warm and -- woman's right to control over her own body. Hillary will fight for women and we are with her. [cheering] we believe we don't need weaker rolls on wall street, we need stronger rules and when big banks get too risky, break them up. Hillary will fight to hold big bank accountable and we are with her. [cheering] and we believe that the united states should never find trade deals that helped corporations that leaves workers and the dirt.hillary will fight for american workers and we are with her. [cheering] ok. And just one more, just one more. We believe we must get big money out of politics and root out corruption. [cheering] hillary will fight to overturn citizens united and return this government to the people. [cheering] if you believe that america must work for all of us, not just the rich and powerful, if you believe we must reject the politics of fear and division, if you believe that we are stronger together, then let's work our hearts out to make a literary poco coming to the next president of the united states. -- let's work together to make hillary clinton the next president of the united states. [cheering] thank you.
