Thank you. Yo Pennsylvania! 

On behalf of the great people of the city, welcome to Philadelphia. Philadelphia is a city that makes history and we are ready to do it again when his convention nominates the first woman President of the United States. 

Today, however, I want to share a Philadelphia story you probably don't know. In 1844, an early version of a know nothing political party held a rally here to protest the threat that Irish Catholic immigrants posed to the American way of life. they claimed these immigrants, people like my family, were more likely to commit crimes than native born citizens. Does that sound familiar? 

This rhetoric led to riots. Churches were burnt to the ground. 20 people died. I am telling you this story for one reason — it is happening again. The Know Nothings have returned and last week in cleveland, they vowed to take their country back in November. 

They got it all wrong. It was never their country in the first place. 

Whether our families came to this country in 1776 or 1976, or 2016, this country belongs to all of us. 

Many of us thought we defeated the Know Nothings eight years ago when we elected our first black President Barack Obama.

But the fact is that meaningful change never happens all at once. You have to fight for it. Philadelphia became the first major city to pass the soda tax that will fund pre-k, committee schools, and parks and recreation centers all throughout the city. 

Recently, I was speaking to an immigrant restaurant owner who told me he supported the tax even though he sells sodas because it would help the neighborhood children. We did not come here just to get rich. We came here to make a better life for us and everyone else. 

We have to come together. When this country comes together, families who have to choose between health care and groceries are no longer hungry and sick. When we come together, the Know Nothings who overran Philadelphia in 1844 will finally be defeated with the election of Hillary Clinton as the President of the United States in 2016. 

Let's get to work. Enjoy Philadelphia.
