I don't know about you, but donald trump's acceptance speech left me with a lot of questions. For example, where is this losing country he keeps talking about? The american i live in, the north carolina i live in is a creative engine where the innovative spirit is alive and well. Where nearly we all have -- all new jobs are greeted by startups. You can still make something from nothing like i did. I taught myself how to build software on nights and weekends. When i was 26, i started my company with $100 in advertising. Today, we are in more than 100 countries and we have created a hundred jobs and rally -- in raleigh. [cheering] donna, i'm also a businessman. -- donald, i'm also a businessman. You build skyscrapers, i build in the cloud. It is clear that you do not understand something simple about business. Nothing scares away investment like kate. -- hate. [cheering] discussing laws like north carolina's attack on lgbt americans are caused in my state -- costing my state hundreds of millions of dollars. A cause of the nba all-star game and it is also costing us talented programmers who are ready to build the future. I have seen venture capitalists who refuse to invest in our state. Republicans may think they are telling people which bathroom to go into, but they're actually telling people which market to stay out of. [cheering] when i travel abroad, i hear people talking about legalizing -- legalize determination in america. Bigotry does not just hurt my state, it hurts our entire country. It is not just north carolina, in indiana, mike pence approved discrimination against lgbt americans. >> boo! >> i guess you could say that the tree has created one job -- bigotry has graded one job, the position of donald trump's running mate. Hillary clinton is that every great ceo knows. We are stronger together. That is why she supports a federal law affecting workers in the workplace. No matter who they love or who they are. She will cut taxes and regulations for startups and small businesses so that they can hire and grow. He will invest in breakthrough technologies of the industry and jobs of the future are created here in america. [cheering] she will help lift the burden of college debt so young people can take their dreams. [cheering] i tell my employs all the time, focus on solutions, not problem. All donald trump offers are problems. He offers real solutions. America, there is no question that hillary clinton must be our next president. [cheering] thank you.
