Hello, philadelphia! And hello, oregon! [cheering] wasn't demi lovato great? [cheering] i'm from a small town in southern oregon. I was the first in my family to go to college, i lived in the same blue-collar community i grew up in. And my children go to the same public schools i with -- i did. Here's the truth. Donald trump got rich by taking advantage of americans like the hard-working oregonians and my community back home. Making his product overseas, hiring foreign workers instead of americans for jobs that are right here in the united states. To gain small business contractor's, never paying them what he owed. And scamming people out of their -- through his fraudulent university. Where i come from, people like donald trump are not the problem, -- not the solution, they are the problem. Lastly, in cleveland, donald trump claims he is a champion for american workers. But he has never woken up and a day in his life worrying about american workers. He is no more a champion for american workers been a line is a champion for gazelle. -- than a lion is a champion for gazelle. I hear the frustrations of people back home to watch billionaires get richer while they struggle to find a job. Struggle to send their kids to college, struggle to make their own rent or mortgage. Our response to these real challenges should not be to blame, to bully, to be little, but to rise to the moment with real solutions. We know in a norm is that to bernie sanders thinking of solutions. [cheering] bernie sanders inspired us to reach for both solutions we challenge and face. Bernie was a camping on progressive issues, his willingness to stand up to the powers that be have galvanized a grassroots movement that is here tonight and will continue long after november and we needed to continue long after november. [cheering] and now, together, working together, hillary clinton and bernie sanders have forged the most aggressive form in our party's history. [cheering] and working together, we have to join the fight for tuition free college for working americans. [cheering] for a renewable energy to save our planet from climate change. [cheering] we need to fight together to overcome citizens united. [cheering] we need to fight together for passage of the quality act -- equality act for lgbtq americans. [cheering] we need to fight together with bernie and hillary to and profiling and mastech restoration from communities of color -- mass incarceration for our communities of color. [cheering] and we need to fight for trade policies that put american workers versed, -- first, which means we must say no to fast trade deals and that includes the tpp. [cheering] together, together we must fight for a government of, by, and for the people. Not a government for the powerful. Not a government for the privileged, but a government for the people. That is exactly what we are going to do when we follow the vision of bernie sanders and hillary clinton and elect her, hillary clinton and tim kaine in november. [cheering] we must be united in this battle. Whether you spend this year feeling the burn or you felt this year ready for hillary, all of us are ready for an america that rejects discrimination and embraces diversity. That celebrates both for empowerment, not voter suppression. That creates opportunities for all of us, not just the lucky few. Let's work together as bernie and hillary have to make sure that next january, on the steps of the capitol, it is hillary clinton that we are celebrating to become the next president of the united states of america. Thank you so much and god bless you a good night.
