Some people know me as a united states senator from new york. [cheering] but during school drop-off and pickup, i'm better known as the l in henry's mom. -- theo and henry's will. We are fortunate to have flexible the, but some days we still barely keep it together. The vast majority of working parents have it much tougher. They are struggling with too little time, too little money and too little support. In washington has not caught up to their reality. Families today look almost nothing like they did a generation ago. Eight in 10 moms work outside the home. Four in 10 moms are the primary or sole red winter and many are -- breadwinner and many are single. Thanks to marriage of quality, more children grow up with two moms are two guys. [cheering] yet today, our policies are stuck in the mad men era. We are the only industrialized nation that does not have guarantee workers paid family leave. Many women can't even get a paid day off to give birth. Most parents work outside the home. Yet childcare can cost as much as college tuition. Families rely on women income but we still don't have equal pay for equal work. This makes no sense. Because we know that when families are strong, america strong. Hillary clinton gets it. Not just because she is a working mom, and grandmother, but because for her it is about her core values. The idea we have that we have a responsibility to one another, it is about who we are as a nation. It is why after law school, she could have gone to a fancy law firm, but she chose to work at the children fund where she advocated for children with disabilities. It is why as america's first lady, she helped create a health insurance program for children so that 8 million kids could get the care they need. And it is why as secretary of state, she helped women and children to escape violence and poverty, to attend schools, support their families and reinvest in their community. It is why, as president of the united states, she will bring our work is policies out of the dark ages and always put families first. [cheering] you see, hillary clinton's life, her life work has been defined by one question. How can we help those who need it the most? Donald trump has been defined by a very different question. How can i help myself the most? Donald trump actually stood on a debate stage and said that wages are too high. Hillary knows that in the richest country of the world, it is unacceptable that a mom with two kids working full-time still lives in poverty. [cheering] donald trump says that it will come to paid family, you have to be careful of it. Hillary knows that it is long past time to have guaranteed paid family leave. [cheering] donald trump things that women should just work harder because, and i'm quoting, you are going to make the same if you do as good of a job. Every woman in america knows that is not true. Hillary believes women deserve equal pay for equal work. [cheering] the choice in this election could not be clearer. If you believe in the values that have always made us great, if you believe in keeping america great, then support hillary clinton. Thank you and god bless this great nation.
