Thank you. Hello, philadelphia. [cheering] my parents grew up in puerto rico. [cheering] they were not educated. They do not ". But they did not have a winter coat. They came to the u.s. When i was born and i was born in chicago. [cheering] my parents were born american seasons, but when they moved along with half a million other puerto ricans in the 1950's, they were greeted with scorn and determination. Politicians call them criminals. They said my parents were dangerous it would ruin the country. Sound familiar to you tonight? [cheering] nobody spoke up against the bigotry and hatred my parents into word. So you better believe i'm using my voice against the discrimination here today. -- we hear today. [cheering] i will raise my voice against the bigot who speaks about a judge born in indiana who can do his job because his parents were born in mexico. [cheering] i will raise my voice against the bully who calls hard-working immigrants criminals and rapists. [cheering] someone who promises to round up and deport families, millions of families and then put up a wall between them and us. >> boo! >> join me in that fight and so has hillary clinton. [cheering] she stands with us so that americans remain a welcoming nation. We don't discriminate because of what you look like, who you love, how you pray, what language your parents speak or where you were born. [cheering] let's be clear, my parents, when they came from puerto rico were not the only ones to confront discrimination. Every generation of newcomers, whoever and wherever they come from, latin america, europe, africa, asia, the middle east, they are met with skepticism and suspicion. Every generation proves the skeptics wrong. Immigrants contribute to our communities and make america a great nation. [cheering] immigrants died dividing our democracy. And you know what, they give a founding principle meaning in our times. Every time immigrants are labeled as democrats, -- them, they become part of us, we the people. About 11 million undocumented immigrants live, work, pay taxes and raise their families in the united states of america. A lot of their families, include u.s. Citizens just like me. Listen, no matter what your family tree looks like, a fair immigration system is better for all of america. [cheering] no matter what they say, it is simply a fantasy that we are going to round up and deport 11 million people. It is a sick, hateful fantasy. Let me type what gives me hope, hillary clinton dream for america where immigrants are allowed to come out of the shadow, get right with the law, pay their taxes and not feel fear as their families are going to depart. -- be ripped apart. [cheering] when hillary clinton steps to this podium to accept the nomination, we will all take a giant step forward. The broad and diverse america that fights for an inclusive and fair nation, our using -- union of black and brown, white and african, asian people, who love the earth and know that climate change is real and value education, we will all step up to the podium with her. [cheering] listen, we continue the work of our heroes like john lewis and dr. Luther -- martin luther king. [cheering] and martyrs to allow me to have the ability to speak from this podium. We fight for equal rights and workers rights, we believe that women deserve equal pay for equal work in this country. [cheering] and we will not stand idly by because we believe congress has to keep their hands off planned parenthood. [cheering] and we believe that people should love who they love and marry who they want to marry in the united states of america. [cheering] we believe that when you send your children to school, or young people are having fun at a nightclub, or you walk a beat as a police officer and walked down the street in your name in chicago, you should not fear being shot. We will take on the nra as hillary clinton is president of the united states. [cheering] yes, we believe in the country where this son of uneducated parents can speak to this nation on this podium in the city where the united states was born. [cheering] juntos con hillary clinton como presidenta sera la nacion mejor y mas fuerte. With hillary clinton, our nation will be better and stronger. Si se puede!
