We are here at this historic convention to nominate hillary clinton and tim kaine. 

I want to share a little bit of my story because it is an american story. It is the story of millions of latinos and latinas across this country. I'm the daughter of immigrant parents from mexico. They came to this country and worked hard every day to provide for me and my brothers and sisters. 

My father was an industrial mechanic and my mother became an elementary school teacher after raising a family. They own their own home, they sent all seven of their children to college. 

My mother and father saved and sacrificed to achieve the american dream for our family. They were not given their success. They earned it. 

Donald trump believes mexican immigrants are murderers and rapists. What about my parents, donald? 

Let me tell you what my parents are. They are the only parents in our nation's 265 year history to send two daughters to the united states congress. Like my parents, hillary clinton believes the united states is a country where people of all backgrounds can make a better life. That america is not possible if we allow donald trump to build a wall that divides us. 

I stand here tonight as the chair of the congressional hispanic caucus and a proud congresswoman from california, but most importantly, i'm here as a mom. We all want what is best for our kids. We want our children to grow up to be healthy, successful, and kindhearted. Our job is to nurture them and to be good role models for them to follow as they grow. 

I will be the first to tell you that being a parent is hard. Donald trump is making it a whole lot harder. He has taken the low road time and time again. He has been vulgar and intolerant. He peddles fear and insecurity to divide the people of thise country. What kind of example would be set for our children to allow a bully to sit in the oval office? 

Our children are not born with racism and hate in their hearts. They learned from following the adults in their lives. Too many of our children are learning the wrong lessons from donald trump. We saw it in indiana basketball game where white students started chanting, build that wall. this is the behavior that donald trump inspires in our youth. It would be a simple to our children that we condone this type of behavior. That is a message i refuse to accept. 

There are few moments in history that have an impact on the trajectory of the world. I believe this election is one of those moments. Our children are watching us. Their future depends on the outcome of this race. Do we want a responsible leader or a loudmouth bully? Do we want a president who respects women or who calls them names and devalues them? Do we want someone who vilifies immigrants? 

Hillary clinton is the only choice for president. She is a president we can be proud of. And donald, let me say this. America is great. It is the country that gave my family the opportunity for a better life, just like all immigrants who came before them. It is because of our diversity that we are the envy of the world. Like i said in the video, hillary clinton is a badass and ready to lead. Let's win in november.
