Hello delegates! Hello Ohio!

I’m proud to serve the great people of historic Chillicothe, Ohio’s first capital. And I’m proud to be one of many Ohioans supporting Hillary Clinton.

When I think about what’s at stake this November, I think about a woman from our hometown named Courtney Lewis. 

Courtney's dad works at the local paper mill. She dreamed of opening her own business. Not just for her – but for her city.

She didn’t like seeing those empty buildings downtown. She wanted to do her part. 

So Courtney moved into a vacant storefront and, with two partners, started a local gift shop called Totem Supply Company.

Three years later, Totem is a small-town success story — and it’s not the only one.

Chillicothe is on the rise — Appalachia is on the rise — and it’s thanks to small business owners like Courtney.

I tell Courtney’s story tonight not because it’s unique — but because it isn’t.

All across the country, thousands of entrepreneurs and small business owners are equally ready to drive growth in their communities. All they need is a chance.

The last thing Ohioans need is a President who has crushed small businesses by not paying them for the work they did.

The last thing Ohio needs is Donald Trump.

Hillary’s dad was a small business owner. She gets it.

Hillary knows America works best when it works for everyone. And she has a plan to make sure that entrepreneurs like Courtney have the all tools they need to succeed.

Less red tape. More access to capital — like bigger businesses have. A more even playing field. And a wider path to prosperity for all of us.

Mayors of small towns across the country need a President who will be a friend to small business. Who will be a partner in our resurgence?

Hillary knows American success stories start in places like Chillicothe.

That’s why we’re with her. That’s why Chillicothe is with her. That’s why Ohio is with her.  We’re with her because she’s with us!

And that’s why we’re going to send Hillary Clinton to the White House this November!

Thank you!
