Good evening. Good evening. Thank you, massachusetts. Thank you. Good evening, delegates. My name is marty walsh and i am an alcoholic. On april 23, 1995, i hit rock bottom. I woke up with little memory of the night before and even less hope for the days to come. Everybody was losing faith in me . Everybody but my family and the labor movement. I followed my father into the trades when i was 18 years old. Labor gave my immigrant family a chance and the community got the help me i needed and gave me a second chance. 18 years later, i became the mayor of boston, a city of big dreams and a big heart. As mayor, i worked to get everyone a fair shot. Weather is apprenticeships, -- whether it is apprenticeships, free community college, or help starting a business. There is no doubt in my mind hillary clinton is the champion american workers need. She will help workers get the skills, the jobs, and the childcare they need to support strong families. She believes in america that is not just for those with advantages. She believes in america for those who need a helping hand, people struggling with addiction , moms working two jobs, students and a debt, senior struggling -- students in debt, senior struggling to retire, people like the carpenters and electricians donald trump hired and then refused to pay. We may not have their names -- our names in gold outside any building, that our sweat, and i is on the inside -- and ou r pride is on the inside of all of them. We are stronger together. This is our choice. Are we going to let donald trump skip the working families sophie can make more for himself -- so he can make more for himself and the people at the top? Or are we going to stick together and build an economy that works for everybody in america? I know where i stand. I stand with a man and women -- with the men and women of every race, creed, and color who built this country. I stand with hillary clinton's vision of america were everybody gets a fair shot and a second chance to achieve their dreams. That is the america i believe in. That is the america i have lived . That is why america's working people are going to elect hillary clinton our next president. Thank you and god bless the united states of america.
