Good evening, Democrats. 

I'm a veteran, a minister, an African-American and I'm a proud member of the LGBTQ community.

When I joined our military in 1977, I lived in fear of being discharged. But today, LGBTQ members of the military can serve openly and proudly. 

When I was elected to the state legislature in 2012, I was one of only two who were openly gay and today I am one of five. 

When nevada started recognizing same-sex marriage in 2014, we were one of 26 states. And today, marriage equality is nationwide. That is progress. We can't stop now. 

We have heard Donald Trump say that he would protect the LGBTQ community. But he is against marriage equality and has said he is all for overturning it. 

Donald Trump says that anyone can use any bathroom in Trump Tower but he still supports heinous bathroom bills and he would strip away the rights of transgender Americans. 

But his worst attack on us was his vice Presidential pick. Indiana governor Mike Pence. Governor Pence signed a law that lets individuals and businesses and discriminate agains LGBTQ Americans and he used religion as a weapon to discriminate. And the state lost millions of dollars as a result. As a lesbian, that hurts me. As a person of faith, that offends me. As a legislator working hard to create jobs, that baffles me. 

No batter the — the matter the cost of the country, Donald Trump and Mike Pence will strip away the progress we have bought so hard to win. Why? Because they fear diversity. We celebrate it. They fear progress, we build on it. They fear equality, we will keep fighting for it. 

Democrats, are we going to retreat? Will we keep walking forward? Hillary Clinton's battle tested and she will fight alongside us for equality in our schools, communicate, workplaces and our nation. She will make the equality act legal and make it illegal to discriminate on the basis of who you love, who you are, wherever you are or where ever you work once and for all. 

This election, this election, make no mistake about it will not be easy. I know that we are ready. In the words of the old negro spiritual, let's walk together Democrats, don't get weary, let's work together Democrats, don't get weary, let's talk together Democrats, don't get weary. There is a great camp meeting in the promised land of equality. Thank you and God bless you all.
