God of goodness. You have given a beautiful earth to all humankind. In a beautiful country to the american people. You have given us our minds to discern the truth and the means to preserve and protect your gift. God's compassion. Show us the way to improve the lives of our fellow americans. Remind us that our greatest achievements begin by helping each of us to build a good life, to have the opportunity to work and to contribute, to care for ourselves and our families. The race of our children with proper health care and a good education. And to age with wisdom and the nifty. -- dignity. God, comfort us in the difficult days that have marked this turbulent summer in our country and around the world. Guide our hands to reach out for one another. Search and the truth that what unites us is greater than anything that divides us. Let us keep the faith that the healing of our wounds will make us stronger than ever. God of strike, -- strength, safeguard this great nation and our allies. Watch over the brave who protect us here and abroad. Guide our leaders in wisdom and experience to protect our nation and our values against those who would threaten us. Bring us closer together to understand our challenges and to overcome them. God, who is great, mighty and awesome, and a season so filled with chatter of who is great and what is great and what shall be great, let us remember scripture is clear, simple and of greatness. God is the great, the mighty and the awesome for god defense the cause of the window, the orphan and loves the stranger residing among you. This is god's greatness and this is the greatest the american people must strive to imitate. God of history, help us to understand that this is the most important election of our lives. Help us to recognize that the gift, the miracle of u.s. Democracy, our freedom, our community and everything we hold dear rests in the hands of her people at this moment. We are a beautiful country of people as diverse as your creation. We are each unique, each a part of a group or groups we identify with probably. And each a person of infinite value created in your divine image. Help us to choose wisely, to walk in your ways which are passed -- paths of peace. Let us say amen.
