My sisters and brother democrats, welcome to philadelphia. Our extraordinary team has worked tirelessly to make this week were the of the history happening -- worthy of the history happening here. We gather in philadelphia, the birthplace of american democracy, to celebrate the most enduring of american values, that we, the people, when we have democrats say we the people, it has a different meaning than it does for our friends on the other side of the aisle. When democrats say we the people, we mean all the people. All the people regardless of race, color, creed, or ethnicity. All the people regardless of sexual orientation or gender identity. All the people. Those with plenty and those with little, the votes at the bottom and the votes at the top. All the people. We know that our diversity is not our problem. It is our promise. We understand that you do not have to be just like me to be just like me. We believe that we have a mission, a mandate, and the responsibility to work, fight, and act on behalf of those who cannot work, fight, and act for themselves. We have a mission to ensure that our public leaders reflect the values of all the people they serve. We have a mandate to leave no one behind because none of us could be unless all of us succeed. We have a moral obligation, grounded in our common values, to live not as islands unto ourselves, but in a beloved community with each other. This idea requires that we recognize the intrinsic work -- worth of every person. To make an investment in their futures. When our founding fathers and mothers created this document and wrote we the people, not even five miles from where we stand today, they set our country off on an ongoing journey to a more 50 union. This week, we will take on huge step toward breaking the highest glass ceiling by nominating our candidate, hillary rodham clinton. Who not only believes that we the people means all the people, but regardless of what you look like or where you come from, what you believe or who you love, we are always stronger together. Thank you. God bless you. And god bless the united states of america.
