Thank you, Maryland. Good evening. 

Fellow Democrats and fellow Americans. I'm so proud to be addressing you here in America's first capital, the home of Independence Hall, the Liberty Bell and the birthplace of our Constitution. I'm proud to serve as the parliamentarian of this convention and proud to be here with the delegation I just referenced. My friends from Maryland, all of my friends from Maryland. [crowd chanting "steny"] I love you, too. 

We are here to nominate Hillary Clinton because of her – because, because of her ability, her experience and her vision for our country. We are also here to show on America why Democrats up and down the ticket are ready to lead. Over the past eight years, President Obama and Vice President Biden worked hard to help Americans emerge from the economic collapse ushered in by Republican policies. For the first two years of the President's administration, he had a Democratic Congress that was committed to doing the job and rescuing our government. Thank you. 

Millions of Americans, millions of Americans work hard tightening their belts, they persevered and never, never, never gave up. And with the help of the recovery program, we enacted, America has come back. 

We know, we know however, until opportunities come back for every American, there is a lot more work to be done. Ladies and gentlemen, let me tell you since the Republicans took control of the house of representatives in 2011, they have had a message for the American people. You're on your own. Hard-working immigrants and dreamers, to LGBTQ citizens, to women demanding equal pay, to parents asking for affordable childcare and paid family leave, to millions who have health insurance today for the first time through the affordable care act - and the Republican party has said to all of them, you're on your own. But we say, you're not on your own. We are in this together. 

Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine, and Democrats in Congress, will always be on your side. [applause] On your side because we believe that we are stronger together. [applause] And we are running together. As the previous speaker pointed out, to renew faith in government and help all our people — all our people make it in America. 

Ladies and gentlemen, at a speech at the Republican convention last week, Speaker Ryan said this election comes down to a contest of ideas. He's right. But, we have seen the disastrous results of Republican ideas. And we have seen what they can do to our economy and to our security. 

That is why, ladies and gentlemen, all of us, those who supported Sanders, those who supported Clinton, those who supported my Governor O'malley, all of us must bind together for our country and elect Hillary Clinton President of the United States of America.
