I’m Gavin Newsom and I’m a proud Democrat from the great state of California.
I’m proud because today’s California is strong and getting stronger.
It’s a jet-propelled engine of job creation, home court for creativity around the word, and we’ve done it, not just through innovation, but we’ve done it by inclusion.
We’re pro-immigrant, pro-environment, pro-women, pro-worker and proudly pro gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender.
We aren’t the Golden State despite our values; we’re the Golden State because of them.
At our best, we don’t tolerate our diversity. At our best we celebrate it.
Those values of liberty, diversity, and opportunity – those are fundamentally American values.
And those values are under attack not just by enemies abroad, but by a GOP that has moved its fear-mongering fringe to center stage.
What Donald Trump presented last week, it wasn’t political discourse; it wasn’t even political incorrectness. What Trump presented last week was defeatist and retreatist.
Never has a speech been so long with so little substance, so little science, so little humanity, humor, or so little hope.
His hostile takeover of the American dream is built on two fundamental lies – that America is a dark and desperate place and that he has a kind of plan to make it better.
Trump strangled the sunny optimism of Ronald Reagan and replaced “tear down that wall “with a cynical bigotry of build that wall.
Contempt for the Constitution, inhumane mass deportation, malice towards different views and different hues – those are disqualifications from any office, let alone the highest office in the land.
And Democrats, while it was refreshing to finally see an openly gay man speak at a Republican convention, it doesn’t remove the stain of selecting Mike Pence, America’s most anti-LGBT governor.
Pence has supported overt discrimination. He’s even advocated for diverting taxpayer dollars to so-called conversion therapy.
Now, make no mistake, conversion therapy is not about praying away the gay. It’s an emotional torture against our most innocent citizens – our children. Telling them that to live, they must lie – lie about who they are and lie about who they love. That is fundamentally un-American.
So, the age old choice, it’s never been more clear, we can live our fears or we can live our dreams.
Hillary Clinton has dedicated her entire life to putting the American dream within reach.
She believes in diversity over division, the hard work of pluralism over the illusion of differences.
And as a father of four, I want to say this. I want to say something to all the children who are watching, all the children that are listening at home.
When you hear people say that you and your family don’t matter because of who you are or where you come from or what you look like or who you love, I want you to know one thing – that the people in this room, the people all across this country, believe that you matter.
Hillary Clinton believes that you matter. We believe that you belong here. We need you here. We believe that you can be whoever you are and become whatever you want to be.
And we’re going to fight for you. We’re going to fight for you not just over the next hundred days, but over the next hundred years because no matter what people tell you, that’s what America is all about. That’s what makes America great!
Thank you all!
