Thank you. Thank you, everyone.
It is so great to be here in the great city of Philadelphia.
And I speak to you tonight as the proud son of two New Jersey police officers, as a veteran of 39 combat missions during Operation Desert Storm, and of 25 years in the United States Navy, and as a former NASA astronaut who flew four missions into space.
You know, my decades as a pilot, military officer, and astronaut gave me a unique perspective on our world. I saw our country at its best. I also saw humanity at its worst.
From the cockpit of my A6 Intruder, I saw America lead the international coalition that defeated Saddam Hussein. I also saw the devastating effects of war itself.
From orbit, I saw our planet as a perfect blue marble just floating there on the blackness of space. But I also saw receding glaciers and shrinking rainforests.
At war and in space, I saw the awesome extent of American power and capability. But it was so frustrating to return home and see how we struggle to address some of our greatest challenges.
Just as Hillary is prepared to defeat ISIS, advance our values, and protect our freedoms, Hillary is ready to take on one of our country’s greatest moral failures here at home, and that is the gun violence that is tearing so many of our communities apart.
We have to do better, and Hillary knows we can.
Hillary knows that we can save lives by doing more to keep guns out of the wrong hands.
And we know that as president she will do what is right for our nation, not what is politically expedient.
She’ll stand up to the Washington gun lobby that works to protect the shameful status quo.
So if we want to leave our kids and grandkids a country with less gun violence, not more, then we need to make sure that Hillary Clinton is our next president.
Now, I want to introduce you to somebody who is working to do just that. Someone who has taught me each and every single day to deny the acceptance of failure. Somebody who doesn’t give up, and someone who believes like Hillary does that we are all stronger together. My wife – my wife, the awesome Congresswoman, Gabby Giffords.
