Thank you. Thank you.
Let me begin by issuing a heartfelt invitation to our Republican friends: If your party is no longer becoming to you, then you should be coming to us.
I’ve known Hillary Clinton for 25 years. And let me tell you, she’s never let me down. And she won’t let you down either.
In spite of what you heard last week, it is not midnight in America.
Midnights can be cold and crippling. And President Obama did not leave us in the cold and we’re certainly not crippling.
In reality, the sun has barely risen over the vastness of these United States. It is dawn in America and we are in the process of becoming.
Yes, if you want to say what the Bible says, we are not yet what we shall become.
At a time when the citizens of this amazing country are jittery over a multitude of fears and heartaches, we need a leader who will become a trafficker in optimism and a peace peddler. Hillary will build a future we can all be part of and proud of.
There’s an old story about Andrew Jackson.
As a child, he looked like anything but a future general or president.
In fact, one of his boyhood friends said that Jim Brown who lived in the same area, could throw Andrew to the ground three times out of four in wrestling matches.
Years later, a writer asked, “Why was there four matches? Jim should have won since in wrestling, if a person is thrown three times, it’s all over. They lose. So what happened?”
The friend said, ”Well, Jim would throw ole Andy but he’d get right up because Andy just wouldn’t stay throwed – he wouldn’t stay throwed!”
Now, the first person in history who wouldn’t stay throwed was a little baby born in Bethlehem of Judea. And that baby grew up, created a tumult. They put him in a grave and three days later, the world knew he wouldn’t stay throwed.
Now, here’s a warning to those who might be tempted to spend the next four years trying to knock Hillary Clinton down: You’d better get ready for a woman who won’t stay throwed.
They threw her down as the First Lady, but she wouldn’t stay throwed.
They threw her down as a U.S. Senator, but she wouldn’t stay throwed.
They threw her down as a Secretary of State, but she wouldn’t stay throwed.
They threw her down in this very campaign – this campaign – but she won’t stay throwed.
No, she won’t stay throwed. No, she won’t stay throwed. She won’t stay throwed.
You better listen to me. I say she won’t stay throwed.
