Good evening! I am the youngest of eight children born to migrant workers.
When I told my father that I was going to join the police, he got angry.
You see, he and my older brothers had been beaten by the police for no legitimate reason.
But I stuck with my decision.
Years later, whenever I visited, he’d show my badge off to all his friends. He saw the good I was doing in my job, and he was proud of me.
And I am proud of my fellow officers.
When my officers report for duty, they have no idea what might come up that day.  
When they respond to a domestic violence call, they don’t know whether a victim or an abuser with a gun will meet them at the door.
When they stop a vehicle, they have no idea whether the driver is racing to the hospital to deliver a baby or fleeing the scene of crime.
They don’t know whether the next 9-1-1 call will be their last.
But they keep answering the call. They keep putting their lives on the line. They are doing the best they can to protect our communities.
We put on our badges every day to serve and protect, not to hate and discriminate.  
We lost five officers in Dallas. They were gunned down as they were protecting citizens protesting the police.
It’s been a tough time for law enforcement communities all across America who have lost officers to violence.
I’ve been trying to make some kind of sense out of it. But violence is not the answer.
Yelling, screaming, and calling each other names is not going to do it.
Talking within our own group in your language only our group understands leads nowhere.
We have to start listening to each other.
My deputies have worked hard to reach out to the communities we serve.
We attend all sorts of events: Ramadan, Cinco de Mayo, Juneteenth, Pride, veterans’ parades, Irish festivals. You name it. We show up.
And some of our officers are uncomfortable at first. But the only way to serve your community is to know your community.
Last Sunday, after working in the morning, I went in uniform to meet my partner for lunch at a nice restaurant.
As I handed the server my credit card, he smiled and said that at least four tables had already offered to pay for our meal.
My girlfriend and I both teared up. There wasn’t a single person in that restaurant that I personally knew.
The people of Dallas know that even though our men and women in uniform were hurting, we never stop doing the job.  
Please help me in honor all of America’s fallen officers with a moment of silence.  
