Good evening. It is my honor to stand before you tonight as a proud member of the progressive California delegation and to acknowledge my D’Alesandro, Maryland roots.
It is a privilege to stand before you as the Leader of the House Democrats – a caucus honored to serve with our partner Senate Leader Harry Reid and our friend Vice President Joe Biden and with one of the greatest presidents in our history, President Barack Obama!
Together we passed the Affordable Care Act.
Together we passed the Lilly Ledbetter Act, the Reinvestment and Recovery Act, Dodd-Frank Act.
We repealed Don’t Ask Don’t Tell.
None of this would have been possible without the courage of our House Democrats.
We are a caucus proud that we look like 21st-century America – over 50% women, people of color, and LGBT community members.
What a contrast to the restricted club that met in convention in Cleveland last week.
Our convention is different, and so is our mission.
We come to public service and to this convention not to trumpet darkness, but to fight a way forward for our country – a bright light forward.
We come here comforted that we are approaching a milestone in our nation’s history – the election of the first woman president of the United States.
Hillary Clinton knows that this moment is not just about one woman’s achievement.
It’s about what electing a woman president will mean for achieving the dreams and hopes and aspirations of every woman, every daughter, every son, and every family, all across our land, for generations to come.
This moment is about the landmark progress President Hillary Clinton will achieve for families everywhere yearning for a better life, a better chance, in a better America.
Hillary Clinton has a vision rooted in deeply held values.
She has a genuine strength that contrasts profoundly from her opponent’s bluster.
She has a gift for strategic thinking, from her knowledge and her experience.
And she has a connection to hard-working American families forged in her lifetime of leadership and service to others.
Leadership and public service are our cause and our calling as Democrats.
Here is our commitment to the American people for a stronger America.
First, secure our nation with strong action to keep Americans safe, fighting terror at home and abroad, and eliminating ISIS.
We must be strong and smart, not reckless and rash.
At home, safer communities demand courage, not cowardice, in the face of the National Rifle Association.
For the sake of the 91 Americans who are killed by gun violence each day, we must break the grip of the gun lobby on Congress and keep guns out of the hands of criminals and terrorists.
If you’re on the no-fly list, then you belong on the no-buy list.
That is why Democrats, led by a national icon, our Congressman John Lewis, held our historic 26-hour sit-in in the Capitol.
And we won’t stop until Congress heeds the will of the American people and disarms hate.
Secondly to make America stronger, we must secure our future – our economic future – by investing in education, innovation, and opportunity.
Our imperative is to create more good jobs and a living wage, with equal pay for equal work and paid leave for everyone, so that every family can earn their dreams – buy a home, send their children to college, retire with dignity – and never have to worry that their Social Security will be privatized or Medicare’s guarantee will be taken away.
And our imperative is quality health care that builds on the Affordable Care Act – which now covers 20 million more Americans.
Third, for a stronger America, we must secure our democracy by removing barriers to voting and draining the poisonous swamp of secret money in politics.
We Democrats believe that the future of America should be decided by the voices of the voters, not the pocketbooks of the powerful.
Not far from here, our founders pledged their lives, their liberty, and their sacred honor to create a democracy. A government of the many, not a government of the money.
So Hillary Clinton and House Democrats and Senate Democrats are sworn to free our democracy by overturning Citizens United.
Then – and only then – can we make America truly fair.
And only then can we have fairness in a budget that should be a statement of our values, that invests in the future, creates jobs, reduces the deficit, and ensures that everyone is paying their fair share for an economy that works for everyone, not just the privileged few.
We know what is on the line in what truly is the most important election of our lifetime. Has anybody ever said that to you before – the most important election of our lifetime? They just keep getting more important.
For the future of the Supreme Court, for the fate of a planet imperiled by climate change, for the sake of immigration reform, for the promise of an America that rewards hard work rather than rewarding those who exploit America’s workers, for women’s reproductive rights, equal rights, civil rights, and to do what is right for our service members, veterans and military families who have given so much for our country, we will stand and speak and campaign for Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine.
And I tell you this: They will win in November.
We will fight to restore Democratic majorities in the Senate and in the House. And I tell you this: We can do it.
Are you ready to work for a great Democratic victory in November?
Are you ready to make history by electing Hillary Clinton president of the United States?
I thought so.
Onward to victory!
God bless you. God bless our men and women in uniform. God bless America.
Thank you all very much!
Onward to victory. Thank you.
