Good evening!
My name is Sean Patrick Maloney. I am the first openly gay person ever elected to Congress from the state of New York – the great state of New York.
You know, last week, a speaker at the Republican convention called equality a – quote – “distraction.” “Who cares?” he asked.
Well, I care.
My husband Randy and our three children care.
These LGBT leaders standing with me and throughout this hall and the country care.
The authors of our nation’s Declaration of Independence, signed right here in Philadelphia, they cared.
Americans at Seneca Falls, Selma, and Stonewall – they cared.
And Hillary Clinton cares, too.
You know, I want to tell you a story. On June 26, 2015, I was walking to work past the Supreme Court.
A crowd was gathered, awaiting the Court’s historic marriage decision.
The news hit like a thunderclap. A lot of us wept.
Then, spontaneously, hundreds joined together to sing our national anthem.
I called Randy. I could barely speak.
You see, Randy and I have been together for 24 years – I love you, honey – 23 of those years we’ve been raising children.
You know, yes, our family is different, but we read bedtime stories the same. We tie shoes and check homework the same. We dream and we comfort the same.
But until that day, we weren’t the same, not really, not in the eyes of the law.
So, as I listened to our national anthem, I realized that our family, our love was no longer less than. We were now equal.
You know, it’s a beautiful thing when your country catches up to you.
And when your basic rights and your very family are on the line, it matters what happens in those beautiful buildings with marble columns. It matters who’s leading our country, and it matters if they care.
America, we have a choice.
Donald Trump doesn’t care about some families. He’s against marriage equality. He wants to go back. 
You know, when I first met Hillary Clinton in Manchester, New Hampshire 24 years ago, I was a nobody. I was a nobody. I was some gay kid sleeping on a couch.
I was scared to death that who I was wasn’t going to be okay. It would mean that I would not be able to be who I was and that no one would ever care about me.
And here was this woman, this incredible woman, who was about to become our First Lady and she cared.
And over the last 24 years she’s kept right on caring about me, about my husband, about our kids, and she has seen us, really seen us.
And I’ve seen the way my kids look at her, knowing that she cares about our family, that she cares about your family, that she cares about all families.
And that’s why we must care about this election.
Now, I want to introduce Sarah McBride.
Sarah McBride is a courageous young leader, and she is right now the first trans person ever to address a national convention.
It’s about time.
Sarah, it is an honor to make history with you, because we are stronger together. 
