My name is Sarah McBride, and I am a proud transgender American.
Four years ago, I came out as transgender while serving as student body president in college.
At the time, I was scared. I worried that my dreams and my identity were mutually exclusive.
Since then though, I’ve seen that change is possible.
I witnessed history interning at the White House and helping my home state of Delaware pass protections for transgender people.
Today, I see this change in the work of the LGBT Caucus and in my own job at the Human Rights Campaign.
But despite our progress, so much work remains.
Will we be a nation where there’s only one way to love, only one way to look, and only one way to live?
Or will we be a nation where everyone has the freedom to live openly and equally? A nation that’s stronger together?
That is the question in this election.
For me, this struggle for equality became all the more urgent when I learned that my future husband Andrew was battling cancer.
I met Andy, who was a transgender man, fighting for equality and we fell in love.
And yet even in the face of his terminal illness, this 28-year-old he never wavered in his commitment to our cause and his belief that this country can change.
Andy and I married in 2014. And just four days after our wedding, he passed away.
Knowing Andy left me profoundly changed. But more than anything else, his passing taught me that everyday matters when it comes to building a world where every person can live their life to the fullest.
Hillary Clinton understands the urgency of our fight.
She’ll work with us to pass the Equality Act to combat violence against transgender women of color and to end the HIV and AIDS epidemic once and for all.
Today in America, LGBTQ people are still targeted hate that lives in both laws and in hearts. Many struggle just to get by.
But I believe that tomorrow can be different. Tomorrow we can be respected and protected, especially if Hillary Clinton is our president.
And that’s why I’m proud to stand here and say that I’m with her.
Thank you all very much.
