As governor of Pennsylvania, it has been an honor to host you here in Philadelphia this week.
Two years ago, I ran for governor on the fundamental belief that society can only succeed when we build prosperity and share it broadly.
But, you know, this wasn’t a lesson I learned in politics. It was a lesson I learned in business.
After serving in the Peace Corps and earning a Ph.D. from M.I.T., I surprised my family and friends by coming home to Central Pennsylvania to work in the family business – a building materials company where I started out driving a forklift.
Eventually, I bought the company along with two of my cousins and we became one of the largest suppliers of kitchen cabinets in North America.
One of the keys to our success was that we recognized that in business, you are only as good as the people you have in your company, and thus, you had to treat everyone like they mattered. Why? Because in fact they do matter.
Now, I understand that not all businesspeople see it this way. When we contracted with a vendor, we paid that vendor.
Donald Trump? He stiffed hundreds of small businesses, from plumbers to painters, ruining their companies as he sought to enrich himself.
At our company, like at many others all across the country, we treated our female employees with respect.
When they had kids, we celebrated them, and we gave new moms paid leave.
Donald Trump said that pregnant workers are an “inconvenience,” so it’s no surprise that he has put forward no plan for paid family leave.
Finally, another important part of our business model was that we had a profit-sharing plan. We knew that our employees contributed to our growth. So, in addition to good wages – good family sustaining wages – and really good benefits, we shared between 20% and 30% of our profits with our employees directly.
Just to give you an example, in 2013, which was a turnaround year of our company, all of our workers – hundreds of them – received an average of $5,000 each in profit-sharing, that could be put toward college tuition, a well-earned vacation, or they could spend it on anything else they wanted.
How about Donald Trump? Well, he runs his businesses so that they only help who? You guessed it – Donald Trump.
In his six – six – bankruptcy filings, he used the process to protect himself and even enrich himself while his employees were left out of luck.
We didn’t do what we did because we were looking for awards. We did it because it was the right thing to do for our workers. And we did because it was great for my company’s bottom line.
It was smart business, plain and simple. We were a stronger, more successful business because we were all in it together. Hillary Clinton believes that too.
And that’s why, as president, Hillary Clinton will reward companies that share profits with employees, not just executives.
Under her proposal, companies will get tax credits worth 15% of the profits they share with their employees. The credits would last for two years and would be larger for smaller businesses.
Because Hillary believes that if you work hard, you should share in your company’s success!
She also will fight to raise the minimum wage. She will ensure equal pay for women and guarantee up to 12 weeks of paid family leave, plus affordable child care.
That’s fair, it’s smart, and it’s great for our economy because it’s good for workers and it’s good for businesses.  
At this moment, when we need to restore the fundamental American idea that if you work hard, you can get ahead and stay there, we need a president who recognizes that an economy that doesn’t work for everyone, doesn’t work at all.
We need a president who believes that our society can only succeed when economic prosperity is shared broadly.  
We need Hillary Clinton!
Thank you very much!
