Thank you for the kind welcome. 
 
Aren’t we blessed to have such brave heroes protecting us like Retired Lt. Col. Charles Kettles . . . who just this morning received the Medal of Honor for his heroism in Vietnam? 
 
I want to thank Mr. Trump for asking me to be here tonight. I can’t tell you how much of an honor it is to talk about a man I trust with the lives of my family and the health of our country … America … the greatest country God created.
 
America is an easy place to get to. But — for you first time voters — it’s important to know what it means to be an American.
It doesn’t mean getting free stuff.
It means sacrificing, winning, losing, failing, succeeding.
Sometimes doing things you don’t want to do, including the hard work … in order to get where you want to be.
That’s what it means to be an American. But our country is in a bad spot right now. You can feel it . . . and you can see it everywhere.
There’s no stability, nothing seems right. All the things that we hold dear . . . are being attacked every day. We cannot go down this road anymore. We need to stop!! 
 
We need Donald Trump to fix this.
 
Is he a messiah? No, he’s just a man. A man who wants to give back to his country … America. The country that has given him everything. A country that has given all of us so much.
Now it’s time to give back to her. 
 
We have a choice in November. We can go for Hillary Clinton: who wants to continue the same policies that are wrecking this country. Policies that make us unsafe.
A woman who somehow feels entitled to the presidency … that she is somehow owed it.
 
Or we can go for Donald Trump: A man doing this from the goodness of his heart… and genuinely wants to help.
A man who knows how to get things done …and a man who says what he means… and means what he says. 
 
Hillary Clinton wants to be president for Hillary Clinton.
 
Donald Trump wants to be President for all of us.
So, let’s not just make America great again … let’s make America … America again!
Thank you so much and God Bless you.
