Good Evening. My name is Darryl Glenn and I'm an unapologetic Christian, constitutional conservative, pro-life, second-amendment-loving Veteran and I'm your Republican nominee for United States Senate in the number one battleground state in this country.

It's my privilege to stand here and support our next President Donald Trump. I'm often asked, "Why are you a Republican?" The Democratic party is the party of handouts and after over 7 years of hope and change, the only thing we have left is change in our pocket.

This President ran to be Commander-in-Chief. Unfortunately, he's become "Divider-in-Chief".

We're more racially divided today than before he ran.

But there's more.

The New Black Panthers, Jessie Jackson and Al Sharpton don't speak for black America.

This is not about black America, white America or brown America, this is about the United States of America.

Mr. President here's the facts.

Neighborhoods have become more violent under your watch.

Your rhetoric has a direct impact on the relationship between communities and the police.

We can bring this country together.

But you must realize that our heroes in "Blue" are part of the solution and not the problem. Nobody wants bad cops off the street more than good cops!

But to heal our communities, more men need to start helping in the care of their children.

Safe neighborhoods happen when fathers and mothers are in the home.

But there's more.

We also must recognize that evil does exist in this world. The threat from Radical Islamic Terrorism is real.

Our troops don't care what Party you represent. They care about having the tools, training and equipment to do their jobs. And, if you put them in harm's way, let them win.

And, when they come home honor them and care for their injuries.

We must win this election.

Hillary Clinton is unfit to be President.

We all know she loves her pant suits, but we should send her an email and tell her she deserves a bright orange jump suit.

Here's the bottom line:

American exceptionalism is alive and well.

Evil exists. But as God as my witness, this battle has already been fought and won.

Believe we can win.

Believe we can change things.

Believe that together, we can Make America Great Again.

My name is Darryl Glenn. I can't do this without your help.

God bless each and every one of you. God bless the great state of Colorado and God bless the United States of America.
