Distinguished delegates, Republicans, and millions of my fellow Americans watching around the country, especially those in Iowa: it’s an honor to be with you from Cleveland, and to be on this stage with fellow veterans. Among them are Special Operations Master Sargent Jason Beardsley, and my colleague, Congressman and Navy SEAL Ryan Zinke, who you’ll hear from shortly.
I never would have imagined a small town girl like me, from Red Oak would have the opportunity to serve as the first woman elected to federal office from Iowa: however, my parents always said to my brother, sister, and me that if we worked hard, anything was possible.
Growing up, we didn’t have much, but what we didn’t have in money, my parents, particularly my mom, made up for with tenacity.
She really encouraged us: you’d never hear her say “no you can’t do this.” Instead, if something was challenging, she’d say “Joni, we’ll figure out a way. If this is what you want, let’s make it happen: we’ll figure it out together.”
That’s a trait I carry with me today, and it’s something I teach my own daughter. In our household, and in the homes of many of those in the military, including those up here tonight, giving up, quitting or accepting failure are not options.
That resilience is not unique to our house: that “can do” attitude has served as the foundation of our country for 240 years. It continuestonight here in Ohio, in Iowa, and all around our great nation.
In between my freshman and sophomore years in college, I went on an agricultural exchange to the Soviet Union. At night, the Ukrainians didn’t talk about farming: rather, they wanted to know what it was like to live in a country where they could experience freedom. They wanted to know about our country, a place where anything was possible.
When I came home, I realized it wasn’t enough to simply enjoy freedom and liberty: I had to do my part to protect and preserve it. So I joined the military which as those of us up here with me know is a tremendously important institution that defends the freedoms that we Americans cherish.
I’ve had the great privilege of serving my state and our country while working alongside some of our nation’s finest soldiers. For 14 months I served as a company commander during Operation Iraqi Freedom where my unit was tasked with running convoys through Kuwait and southern Iraq. Last November, after more than 23 years of service, I retired as a Lieutenant Colonel in the Iowa Army National Guard.
As I travel across Iowa and around our great country, I hear from folks who are worried America is no longer leading, but rather following from behind.
Those concerns are echoed by our allies around the world, and rightfully so.
The question I hear time and again is “where is America’s leadership?” There’s a void in the world: a deficit that cannot be filled by others. Our country and the world of which we are a part simply cannot afford four more years of this lack of leadership under Hillary Clinton.
Our allies see us shrinking from our place as a leader in the world as we have failed time and again to address threats. They are looking for American leaders who are willing to stand up and say ‘enough is enough.’
Unfortunately, Hillary Clinton cannot be trusted. Her judgment and character are not suited to be sitting in the most powerful office in the world.
She has already failed us too many times before.
Hillary Clinton has failed to stop the expansion of terrorism — her policies in Libya, Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria have created more safe havens for terrorism. Shockingly, she continues to support a policy that brings captured terrorists into our back yards. All of us up here believe that’s unacceptable.
