Cleveland!     you all know  I  love you. I love coming down here. Thank you. Thank you.   thank you. All right.    USA!  USA!  USA!   all right. Thank you. Thank you again for having me back. For those of you,  I 've said before in the past, it is a pleasure to do so again. For those of you  I've not sit in front of, thank you for the privilege to do that. I mean it from the bottom of my heart.    I  was fortunate enough in life to be born from a patriotic family. Tommy to love this country and the people who make her up. Unconditionally. To die for any woman in fight beside any man. Without hesitation. Or hope of individual achievement. That's how  I  was raised in that is the way  I  still want my life. Generations the men and women in my family have served this country probably at home and abroad. My father served in Vietnam. Although he was shamed out of his uniform, it only solidified his resolve to raise his voice to love this country and be patriotic and love the people more than we love ourselves.   in fact, 10 years of my navy seal career, my first and was in combat and the next part  I  was coming around the country, state to state, city to city, town to town. Armed only with the members of your bravest fighters in the story of how hard they fought. Because  I  was willing to completely open up my life and its speak about the worst week of it,  I  was glad to meet and see all the greatest people america had to offer. I think it is important to say that we got to make sure that the hell veterans returned from is not the hell veterans returned to.   that's what is promised and that is what is deserved.   it also aims about my generation and how  I  love my generation. Generation x. An honor to fight along all of you. Even when the system does not take care of our boys, citizens depomed start foundation to help the wounded and the families of the fallen. From the bottom of my heart, and literally please note that  I  and every day on my knees thanking god for you. My generation abettors is coming home. -- of veterans is coming home.    I  got a chance, for those of you who know me,  I  only talk about stuff that  I 've experienced and usually on the worst side of it and the side of it. I had a chance to spend time with mr. Trump and  I  know he understands what is going to take to fix this. The only way we will keep america safe is having an elite military, all right.   made up of the warriors and prepared by the toughest training we have to offer. Supported by the best equipment and backed up by the nation who puts those people in harm's way. Everyone of us has to step up in some way. We need our leaders to lead by example. They need to lead by example and show the american people -- public that each and every life on any device to be family and treated accordingly.    I 'm sorry,  I 'm so used as "The heart when  I  have to resist the goes wrong. I was going to go. Are you ready?   not only do leaders have to step up and support us, but the family and those of us and has, we are all family. Not only that, we hold them accountable for every position in office behold. -- they hold.   either way, look, it away, the only way we survived this is together, not a part. In order for any like to matter, we all have to matter. You understand?   my generation, the next generation, this is for you. Your war is here. You don't have to go searching for it. Your people are afraid. I stand among you walking,  I  was allowed to walk with giants. Now we are looking for the next generation of dies. Who among you will love something more than you love it so. Who among you will step up and take the fight to the enemy?    I  challenge all of you to fight for this country and for each and every one of us. The world outside of our borders is a dark place. A scary place. America is the light. And her people are the goodness that grows from that. He will always be worth fighting for it was my greatest honor to fight for her every day of my adult life.    I  just wanted to come up. And thank each and every one of you from the bottom of my heart for allowing me to serve you for 20 years and  I  swear to god  I 'm going to spend the next 20 paying you back. Thank you again.   God bless!  
