Thank you Cleveland! It is an honor to be here for a man I love so much.
Thirteen months ago, my father sat my family down and told us that the time had come.
He could no longer sit idly by and watch our beloved country, the country that had given our family so much — so much success — so much opportunity — crumble before his very eyes.
He confirmed to us that he was prepared to announce his candidacy for President of the United States.
He made sure to acknowledge that ours would not be an easy path.
That we should all prepare ourselves for what was to come.
That we would quickly learn who our true friends were.
Without hesitation, we each committed our unwavering support.
But this time, none of us could have predicted what lay ahead.
The records he would break.
The stadiums he would fill.
The movement he would start.
Today, my father stands before you with the most primary votes of any republican candidate in the history of our nation.
He has shattered voter registration records across the country.
He has defied the predictions of virtually every single political pundit and turned traditional debates into “must see TV.”
He has inspired multiple generations, including “millennials” like myself, who have so little faith in our politicians, that they no longer even consider public service to be a noble career.
A year ago, my father was a business man.
But like many Americans, he could simply no longer stand to see what was happening to our great country.
He could no longer stand to watch special interest dollars dictate an incompetent foreign policy that puts the needs of foreign countries before our own.
He could no longer tolerate an inept Administration that considers $150 Billion to Iran — or the release of five (5) Radical Islamic Terrorists — a successful negotiation.
He could no longer bear witness to the continued attack on our 2nd Amendment freedoms.
He could no longer stand to see words like “Christmas” stripped from public use, or the “Pledge of Allegiance” removed from our schools in an effort to be “politically correct.”
So he made the courageous decision to set aside a company to which he has dedicated his entire life.
To set aside a global brand that he has made synonymous with success — with excellence — with uncompromising quality.
At a time when most people at the pinnacle of their career would have held fast to a lifestyle that has truly become the epitome of the American Dream — my father instead chose to bring the American Dream back to the people it has eluded for so long.
As daunting a journey as he knew it would be — for him, it was the easiest decision in the world.
After all, who better to implement a common sense business approach to this country?
Who better to apply practical solutions to the impractical decision-making of an administration that has bred a $19 trillion dollar national debt? — — one which increases $32000 per second and by over $2 billion per day.
Who better to implement common sense tax reductions for one of the highest taxed nations in the world allowing our citizens a chance to keep more of what they earn as opposed to having it squandered away by our inefficient government?
Who better to negotiate the return of countless American manufacturers, such as Nabisco, Ford, Carrier and so many others, back to the United States where they began, than a man who has single-handedly employed tens + tens + tens of thousands of people around the country?
It’s time for a President with common sense!
It’s time for a President who understands the “Art of the Deal” and appreciates the value of a dollar — our tax dollars!
It’s time for a President who has always been the one to sign the front of the check, not the back!
Throughout his career, my father has repeatedly been called upon by government to step in and save delayed, shuttered and grossly over-budget public projects, from the Exterior of Grand Central Terminal in New York City, to the Iconic Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue in Washington D.C., just to name a few.
Back in 1986, the City of New York tried to refurbish an ice skating rink in Central Park.
The project dragged on for over six years and ballooned to over $13 million dollars –- nearly $5 million over an already inflated budget.
That’s when my father — who overlooked this disastrous construction site from his office window each and every day, decided he had to step in.
Disgusted with government incompetence, he invested 2 million of his own money, in order to complete the project.
What had taken the city over half a decade to botch, my father completed in less than 6 months — 2 months ahead of schedule and over a million dollars under budget.
It’s time for a President who can Make America Great Again — ahead of schedule and under budget too!
My father has revitalized run-down neighborhoods, shaped the skylines of cities all across our country and turned dreams into reality for his entire career.
It’s what he does.
It’s who he is.
Oprah Winfrey once famously asked my father if he ever envisioned running for the Presidency of the United States.
His answer?
Only if it got so bad that I had no choice.”
Well, ladies & gentlemen — that time has come.
As I travel the world with my dad, building the greatest hotels, golf courses and real estate projects, I see an unmistakable look in his eyes.
I see in his eyes, the indignity and frustration of a domestic infrastructure back home that is in complete disarray and no longer “on par” with other developed nations.
I see in his eyes, the sadness of innocent lives lost — like those of Kate Steinle, Jamiel Shaw and so many others — cut short by illegal immigrants in sanctuary cities — victims of a revolving door of government ineptitude and corruption that leaves innocent Americans defenseless.
I see in his eyes, the humiliation of an education system ranked 30th in the world.
I see in his eyes, the disgrace of the $400 billion dollar trade imbalance with China, the $80 billion dollar trade imbalance with Mexico & the continued destabilization of the Middle East, which has cost our nation trillions of dollars and thousands + thousands of lives.
But today, I see in his eyes, a man who truly loves his country — who is proud of his country — and who wants his country to be GREAT AGAIN.
I want to thank my father for the life he’s provided me.
For the life that he’s provided to my family and the life he has provided to all of
our employees around the world.
I want to thank my father for the life that he’s enabled me to provide for my future children, as my beautiful wife, Lara and I, start thinking about that next amazing chapter of our lives.
To that end, I often think about the legacy that I wish to leave them.
And to me, there are few things that I hold closer to my heart than charity.
For me, it’s the essence of who we are as human beings.
It’s the barometer by which we will be measured for our time here on earth.
As Martin Luther King Jr., once said, “Life’s most persistent and urgent question is, ‘What are you doing for others?’”
When I was 22 years old, I founded The Eric Trump Foundation to benefit St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital, a truly incredible organization.
I run my Foundation based upon the principles that my father taught me:
Honesty.
Integrity.
Values.
I expect other charities to be run with the same moral code — not serve as a conduit for personal enrichment.
Not become a beacon of corruption and scandal.
“To whom much is given, much will be required.”
It is this very belief that has compelled my father to make the greatest sacrifice of them all.
To run for the most powerful, yet unforgiving, office in the world.
There is no greater calling.
No more selfless an act.
To the unemployed voter sitting at home, watching me right now, wondering how you are going to make your next mortgage or rent payment — my father is running for you.
To the veteran tuning into this speech from his or her hospital bed — who has been ignored and disrespected by an ungrateful system for far too long — my father is running for you.
To the school teacher, forced to walk through metal detectors each & every day — into an underfunded school, my father is running for you.
To the laborer watching me now, forced out of a job by undocumented workers — my father is running for you.
To the oil & gas industry worker denied a job because of radical regulations from a radical EPA, my father is running for you.
To the single-mother, to families with special needs children, to middle class families who can no longer afford medical benefits, my father is running for you.
This November, I ask you to be true to yourself and vote for the candidate who you know is running for the right reasons.
Vote for the candidate who has never been a politician.
Vote for the candidate who has never received a paycheck from our Government.
Vote for the candidate who can’t be bought, sold, purchased, bribed, coerced, intimidated, or steered from the path that is right, and just, and true.
And quite frankly, vote for the candidate who does not need this job.
Never have I been more proud to be a Trump.
Never have I been more proud to be my father’s son.
I’m incredibly honored to be a part of the journey upon which he’s invited me, Don, Ivanka, Tiffany, Barron and Melania to play such an integral part.
Dad — once again, you have taught us by example.
You are my hero.
You are my best friend.
You are — the next President of the United States.
