Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. 

You know, I have spent 55 years in law enforcement. 55 years. Have always regarded my work, mission is critical. But my most important mission has just begun:  to help elect Donald Trump, president of the United States. 

The stakes are high. We need a strong leader who will stand up for America and put the interest of her citizens first. 

Unfortunately we are losing the battle. 

We are the only country in the world whose immigration systems puts the needs of other nations ahead of ours. 

We are more concerned with the rights of illegal aliens and criminals than we are with protecting our own country. 

That must change. 

We need a leader who will protect our border and enforce our laws. Because a nation without borders and a nation without laws is no nation at all.

And now, more than ever, we must respect and have respect for the police. We must give them the tools and the support they need to do their jobs. 

The highest levels of government must have our backs as they risk their lives every single day to perform their jobs and to protect our citizens. 

As someone who for 35 has been a top law enforcement official, living and working on both sides of the border, I can tell you firsthand about the dangers of illegal immigration and drugs.

We have terrorists coming in over our border, infiltrating our communities and causing massive destruction and mayhem. 

We have criminals penetrating our weak border security systems and committing serious crimes. 

I am supporting Donald Trump because he is a leader and he produces results and is the only candidate for president ready to get tough in order to protect Americans.

I have fought on the front lines to prevent illegal immigration, and I know Donald Trump will stand with me and other proud Americans to secure our border. 

Donald Trump will build the wall and restore  restore  law and order and keep drugs and illegal immigrants from entering into our country. 

You know, I will never forget Donald Trump and what he did for my wife. 

I have been married to Ava for 59 years and during the campaign she was diagnosed with cancer. Just before going on national TV, Donald Trump called my wife and talked to her for five minutes. 

And in subsequent trips he never forgot to think of my wife and call her. He did not have to get my support through his kindness to my wife, because I was already hooked. 

Let’s elect a leader who will stand up for America and protect our border and support law enforcement and the military, and in doing so, unite our country. 

Let’s elect Donald Trump! 

Thank you.



